When when you're in your Gmail account,
this is how you you access Gemini or
this is one of the ways to do it. This
is the cool part about this. Once you
have that twin, that AI twin, your AI
twin now lives in here. So you you don't
have to worry about it just being
generic. It already knows you. So um to
select that
selected mine
h it's not letting me undo that
anyways. Okay. So what can uh Gemini do
in Gmail? Let's see what it says.
So, here's an example uh of of one of
the emails that mine created for me. So,
this is on one of my loans that I got a
conditional approval on today. So, mine
are always going to be very similar. So,
hey everyone, great news. Happy to
report that Lynn Daniels has received a
conditional approval for this property.
This is a major milestone. Means the
underwriters reviewed the files,
comfortable with the loan. We still have
a few items to complete before we reach
clear or close, but we in a strong
position. Next steps. Appraisal. The VA
appraisal has been ordered will be
ordered for the property. Once the
appraiser completes the inspection,
we'll review the report to confirm the
value supports the purchase price of
285. Keep everybody updated as soon as
we have the appraisal results. So,
conditions and documents. The
underwriter has issued a list of
conditions that need to be satisfied.
So, Ashley Rogers, loan processor, and
Katherine Bernell, loan officer
assistant. We'll reach out to Lynn
directly to help her gather and fulfill
these remaining items. Lynn, please keep
an eye out for the emails and response
as quickly as possible. This helps us
stay on track for closing date of 3326.
If Ashley or Katherine reaches out
requesting documents, please get those
back at your earliest convenience. The
faster we can clear conditions, the
faster we can move, clear, close,
homeowners insurance, blah. Okay.